Honors Final Project

Submission of the Final Project will consist of three parts:
presentation, report, and code.  All deliverables (code, report, and
slides) should be submitted via the class repository and are due
at 11:59 pm on the due date.

Report:

Your report will be submitted twice.  The first version is due on
December 3rd, and the final version on December 12th.  You'll receive
specific feedback on the first version by December 5th, including
changes required or suggested for the final version.

Your report should be a research article written in Latex.  Required
sections (at minimum) are: Introduction, Related Work, Design and
Implementation, Results, and Conclusion.  There is no page length
requirement.  The report must be readable, with correct spelling and
grammar. It must be technically precise and complete. Define every
concept that you use in the report. Describe the design and show how
it meets the requirement(s).  Describe the testing setup completely,
both for performance and failure testing.

Presentation:

Your presentations will be in 632 on December 15th or 16th, to be 
decided at the next honors meeting.  Presentations should be 
between 15 to 25 minutes long.  The rest of the class will be invited 
but not required to attend.  We may also schedule a rehearsal at an 
honors meeting on December 10th in Chen's office.

Your presentations should provide enough background detail that your
classmates, who have not seen development, can understand the topic.
Your talks should motivate your research question, sketch project
design and implementation, and discuss results.  Prior to the talks
being given, please email a copy of your slides to Chen and Joe.

Code:

Code should be submitted via the class repo by December 12th (along
with the final report).  As with all projects, make sure to provide a
brief README describing usage.
